Final changelog update for 0.E (#39132)
CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA: data/changelog.txt

# 0.E (Ellison)

## Highlights:
Long distance automove feature for walking, driving and boating.
Extensive bugfixes to inter-level interactivity, on by default.
Riding animals and animal-pulled vehicles.
More flexible Basecamp construction options.

> Default starting season changed to spring for better survivability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Default starting date changed to mid-spring for better survivability.
```
it was always spring, just in the form of "winter only technically ended"

Time advancement is rationalized, a turn is now one second.
Extensive river and lake systems, and boat support for navigating them.

> Expanded NPC usefullness and interactivity.

Reviewer 2: typo: usefulness

Lower max stat cap in character creation to 14.

> Overhaul archery balance.

Reviewer 3: Archery overhaul completely breaks archery craftable progression and makes you rely on getting extraordinarily lucky with world spawns to progress to lategame content

Reviewer 4: Gotta find a hunting store Insane :^)
